New docs (#582)
leancodepl/corelibrary: docs/domain/aggregate/index.md

Reviewer: Not for now, but we should probably start adding "best practices" for aggregates. One is already in the text:
1. Don't expect failure (i.e. don't validate something that should be validated outside) but ensure correctness.

# Aggregate

> Aggregates, as defined by Domain Driven Design, are clusters of related objects which can be treated as a single domain entity. One of these objects is distinguished as an aggregate root. Every object of an aggregate must be accessed through the aggregate root. Transactions should not cross aggregate boundaries.

Reviewer: This somewhat assumes that user knows what are entities. If they do not, they will miss one of the most important properties of aggregates, that they are identifiable.

## Scenario

Let's imagine a simple project management app where employees can create projects which contain assignments to which people can be assigned. We will create two aggregates - one representing a project and the other representing a person which can be assigned to the assignment.

## Example

### Project

Let's define a simple model for the project aggregate:

```csharp
[TypedId(TypedIdFormat.PrefixedGuid, CustomPrefix = "project")]
public readonly partial record struct ProjectId;

public class Project : IAggregateRoot<ProjectId>
{
    private readonly List<Assignment> assignments = new();

    public ProjectId Id { get; private init; }
    public EmployeeId OwnerId { get; private init; }
    public string Name { get; private set; }

    public IReadOnlyList<Assignment> Assignments => assignments;

    DateTime IOptimisticConcurrency.DateModified { get; set; }

    private Project() { }

    public static Project Create(
        ProjectId projectId,
        string name,
        EmployeeId ownerId)
    {
        return new Project
        {
            Id = projectId,
            Name = name,
            OwnerId = ownerId,
        };
    }
}
```

> As you can see, the class implements `IAggregateRoot` interface - it marks the class as being the root of an aggregate. Moreover the `Id` field of the class is of type `ProjectId` - it is a special source-generated type present in the CoreLibrary. You can read more about `Id` types [here](../id/index.md). In this case, the Id of the project will look somewhat like `project_45a8f39f-9df0-4a23-b781-2a46de22fac1`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As you can see, the class implements `IAggregateRoot` interface - it marks the class as being the root of an aggregate. Moreover the `Id` field of the class is of type `ProjectId` - it is a special source-generated type present in the CoreLibrary. You can read more about `Id` types [here](../id/index.md). In this case, the Id of the project will look somewhat like `project_45a8f39f9df04a23b7812a46de22fac1`.
```
